---
title: "August 16 2024"
sidebar_position: 15
---

# August 16 2024

August 16, 2024 Improvements and changes * Non-admin users can now decide to leave an organization, with the option to either keep or delete their connections.

## A confirmation window will appear to help them decide how to manage their connections.

* We’ve added helpful tooltips to the app search. Now, when you hover over the app type badge (Verified, Built-in, Community, etc.), a tooltip will appear, providing a clear explanation of what each badge represents. Fixed issues * Sometimes, module outputs failed to load properly. We've fixed this bug and now you can see module outputs without any issues. Apps updates ### Updated apps: *  - This app, formerly known as MessageBird, has been rebranded.

We’ve updated our documentation to reflect this change. *  - The existing TikTok app has been renamed to TikTok Campaign Management.

## This app allows you to manage your campaigns and ads in your TikTok Business account efficiently.

*  - The API key connection method has been deprecated. Now, only the OAuth connection is available for connecting the app. *  - In the **Message an Assistant** module, you can now select a tool that a model will call. *  - Previously called Clubhouse, this app is now named Shortcut.

Our documentation has been updated to align with the new name. *  - The app formerly known as Autopilot has been rebranded to Ortto. We’ve made updates to our documentation to reflect this rebranding. Always Active Clear